hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
break down the horror movie called the
hills of eyes
warning guys spoiler alert
the film begins with three men testing
for radioactivity in the new mexico
desert suddenly a bloody man jumps into
one of the men's view begging for help
pluto a mutant disfigured by nuclear
testing stabs one of the men and
violently bangs him on the ground
the other two men are then quickly
slaughtered and chained to the back of a
car which is driven away
ethel carter and her husband big bob
carter a retired police detective are
traveling from cleveland ohio to san
diego on their silver wedding
anniversary also present is their
daughter brenda son bobby eldest
daughter lynn her husband doug bukowski
their baby daughter catherine and the
german shepherds beauty and beast
while big bob talks to the gas station
manager we see immune grab bobby's red
sweatshirt out of the car and run off
bobby and brenda head away from the
building and bobby goes into a nearby
outhouse he is urinating when he sees
someone watching him through the window
it was the mutant who stole his red
sweatshirt from the car
after believing one of the family has
seen the contents of the hold all the
attendant tells bob of a shortcut
through the hills which is actually the
secret trap after driving a few miles
along the shortcut the tires are
punctured by a hidden spike belt and the
truck's wheels burst causing the truck
to crash into a nearby ditch
bob walks back to the gas station for a
tow truck and dove walks the opposite
way to get help meanwhile the remaining
members of the family are being watched
by someone through a pair of binoculars
beauty runs off into the hills and bobby
chases after her eventually finding her
gutted corpse
frightened and distraught bobby runs off
but slips and falls knocking himself
unconscious
a young female mutant named ruby who had
stolen his sweatshirt comes across him
and is intrigued by him while her
brother god will chews over the dead dog
later bob finally makes it to the
station and finds the hysterical gas
station attendant who commits suicide by
shooting himself in the head in fear bob
tries to flee from the scene in a car
but gets attacked by the mute leader
papa jupiter and gets carried off into
the mining caves nearby by jupiter along
with jupiter's eldest son lizard and
another man called pluto when bobby
awakes he returns to the trailer and
does not tell his family or beauty's
demise
lynn tells him that they tried the cb
and hurt heavy breathing beast breaks
free of his chain and runs into the
hills where he finds what's left of
beauty
doug returns from the road he traveled a
dead end which ended in a bomb crater
filled with cars with a fishing pole
baseball bat and a teddy bear
bobby is worried about his father who is
now yet returned doug promises bobby
they will search for bob if he does not
return by midnight as they try to sleep
pluto sneaks into the trailer finds
brenda and attempts to have his way with
her outside the trailer bobby wakes up
lynn and doug telling them about the
people in the hills and of beauty's
death
inside pluto holds brenda down and
prevents her from screaming the others
are about to discover pluto when
suddenly an explosion in the distance
draws their attention
discovering that bob has been tied to a
tree and set on fire dud runs into the
trailer to fetch a fire extinguisher as
lizard slips inside unnoticed as
everyone unknowingly leaves the helpless
brenda alone the two violent men lizard
notices pluto's unsuccessful efforts
with brenda
furious he throws pluto off and does it
himself pluto then sees catherine in her
[ __ ] and observes her as lizard
continues to have his way with brenda
doug manages to put out the fire and
unties bob already dead while lynn
returns to the trailer to see why brenda
is screaming and is greeted by lizard
holding baby catherine and big bob's gun
while pluto is holding brenda
after lin hits him with a frying pan
lizard disarms her and threatens
catherine with the gun he forces open
lin's blouse and sucks the milk from her
ethel enters the large flat rock
attempting to pulverize lizard but pluto
calls out to warn him lizard spotting
her shoots her in the stomach
lin then uses a screwdriver and stabs
lizard who then shoots her in head pluto
and lizard flee the trailer holding
brenda and catherine hostage when lizard
hears doug and bobby approaching he
tries to shoot brenda but the gun is out
of bullets
he promises brenda that he will be back
for her before fleeing with pluto who
still has the baby
doug and bobby return to the trailer
discover the bodies and realize that
catherine has been taken goggle the new
kill beauty watches the trailer through
binoculars but he is attacked and killed
by beast
the next morning doug goes off in
pursuit of their attackers these leads
done through a tunnel that contains the
graves of miners once out of the tunnel
dun finds an abandoned nuclear testing
village and enters the house where
catherine is kept but is knocked
unconscious by big mama who he thought
was busy watching television he then
awakes in an ice box where the mutants
keep the bodies of their victims he
panics and bangs on the plastic cover
eventually knocking it loose
he returns to his task of finding
catherine only to encounter big brain
who tells him the story of the mutants
who were mutated by the fallout from the
nuclear tests and then getting attacked
by pluto who breaks through a door
after a fierce struggle during which
doug loses the ring finger and pinky on
his left hand he is able to trick him by
pretending to cry pluto laughs and gets
momentarily distracted giving duck time
to slam a screwdriver through his foot
and the floor pinning him down he then
takes his small american flag and shoves
it through the back of pluto's throat
finally finishes him by slamming the
blade of his own axe into his head
doug then surprises the mutant cyst
outside the house and uses pluto's axe
to kill him chopping his knee open and
knocking him over the hood of a car
where he is axed in the back and is
finally killed when doug swings the pick
end into his eye dub takes his shotgun
and heads off
big brain tells lizard to kill catherine
but is killed by beast
lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to
kill catherine but finds that instead of
catherine it is a pig
ruby has taken catherine and run into
the hills
lizard knows this and begins to chase
her and raged by her deceit doug sees
ruby on the hill and chases her as well
at the trailer ethel's body is stolen
and dragged into the hills and bobby
finds papa jupiter eating ethel's heart
jupiter pursues bobby to the trailer
where brenda releases gas from the
propane tanks as bobby runs inside
attaching a strip of matches to the
sliding door behind him
bobby binds pop a jupiter's hand to the
window
after he and brenda escape jupiter
breaks free of the bungee cord and opens
the sliding door which strikes the
matches and ignites the gas inside the
trailer causing it to explode
in the hills ruby is about to return
catherine to dub when lizard attacks
doug beats and then shoots lizard in the
chest neck and final in the shoulder
ruby gives catherine back to doug who
does not notice lizard stand up having
survived ruby throws herself at lizard
plunging them over a cliff stopping
lizard from shooting doug and catherine
and sacrificing herself in the process
bobby and brenda walk through the ruins
of their trailer and find papa jupiter
still alive though impaled
brenda kills papa jupiter with a pickaxe
to the head
brenda then spots doug with catherine
and beast and the four are reunited as
they celebrate their apparent victory a
pair of anonymous binoculars watches
from the hills the end
if you like this recap make sure to
comment below also don't forget to
subscribe see you again soon